Refactor internal db structure (#103)
project-origin/wallet: doc/concepts/wallet.md

# Wallets

A wallet is a fundamental component within the system that enables users to store and manage their ownership of digital assets, specifically Granular Certificates (GCs) and their corresponding slices.
It serves as a centralized repository for users to access, view, and control their assets across multiple registries, issuers, and countries.

A wallet is uniquely identified by a WalletId and is associated with a specific owner entity. The owner's identity is represented by the Owner field.
The wallet also holds the private key of the wallet.
The private key is used for cryptographic operations related to ownership verification and transaction signing.

All calls to the system are done with a JWT (Json Web Token) and enables the system to identify the current user.

An owner will be able to have multiple wallets, and authorize other users to access their wallets on a per-wallet basis.

## Wallet Endpoint

> A wallet endpoint are utilized within the system to enable secure asset transfers and ownership management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wallet endpoints are utilized within the system to enable secure asset transfers and ownership management.
```

> Each wallet endpoint is uniquely identified by a endpointId and is associated with a specific wallet through a foreign key reference (WalletId) and a WalletPosition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each wallet endpoint is uniquely identified by an endpointId and is associated with a specific wallet through a foreign key reference (WalletId) and a WalletPosition.
```
